Docs (#75)
mantidproject/quickBayes: docs/source/fitting/fit_functions.rst

Fit Functions
=============

Fit functions are the mathematical representations of the data.

> In quickBayes the fit functions are all classes with a very specific structure, see <insert link> for a full list of currently available options.

Reviewer: Missing link needs adding in here

Author: ```suggestion
In quickBayes the fit functions are all classes with a very specific structure, see :ref:`here<quickBayes.fit_functions
>` for a full list of currently available options.
```

  function = Gaussian()
  x = np.linspace(-5, 5, 100)
  # call the function
  y = function(x, amplitude=1, x0=0, sigma=0.2)

This provides an easy way to evaluate the function.
You can also check the number of parameters by using :code:`function.N_params` to check.
However, we may want to keep the current parameters for later (e.g. they are the results of a fit).
This can be done by;

.. code-block:: python

  results = {}
  results = function.report(results, 1, 0, .2)
  print(results)

which will output

.. code-block:: python

  {'Amplitude': [1.0], 'Mean': [0], 'Sigma': [2.0]}

Repeated calls to the report method will append to the lists

.. code-block:: python

  results = function.report(results, 2, 1, .2)
  print(results)

Will output:

.. code-block:: python

  {'Amplitude': [1.0, 2], 'Mean': [0, 1], 'Sigma': [2.0, 0.2]}

It is also possible to then read the results from the report output.
This makes it easy to extract the parameters from the report (e.g. after multiple fits).
By default the method will read the first entry into the report

.. code-block:: python

  params = function.read_from_report(report)
  print(params)

Hence,

.. code-block:: python

>   [1.0, 2.0, 3.0]

Reviewer: Should this be `[1.0, 0, 2.0]`?

>   [1.0, 2.0, 3.0]

Author: ```suggestion
  [1.0, 0.0, 2.0]
```
